fix: include all files in change detection of Rspamd (#4418)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: CHANGELOG.md

- **Internal:**
  - Minor improvements to `_install_utils()` in `packages.sh` ([#4376](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4376))

>   - all custom files are now included when checking for changes in the Rspamd configuration ([#4418](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4418))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Change detection support for Rspamd now monitors all files at the rspamd Config Volume directory ([#4418](https://github.com/docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver/pull/4418))
```
